hello friends and now welcome here
for adjustment at spin.de as from the ksk
700 Russian monsters from Russia and
So the topic Russia for that
animation sorry beautiful tractor out
Eastern Europe and we now have the
have brake on that but chocolate
Azofeifa understand each other is out
the whole is no longer that is now
not so bad we drive a bit
back is beautiful that looks in it
that's really possible too
mentioning it seems to me something like that
the farmer will sit out everything in it
So the farmer so so have here
we have some here but beautiful
mobile phone
all the friends of the loading area me
would like to go back a bit with that
from here you personae loaded loading area
to holzer flieger to tanker you can
on a workshop loading area can
do not know if its or pasta until
what a shame
Jacob young multipurpose apa part of this
net really designed for the front
all things lasting tanker so its
available because that would be pretty
interesting if you just dare you
So always take it or the actros
does not color at all does not matter
but functional which was the function it
that's nice , too
then handbrake everything would light up
but the handbrake is that's good
is for people like me so make of
of the exhaust gases here you can of course like
complain
and now we go full throttle but
differential and so turned on and
Now we go full throttle with the
König handlebars it takes getting used to
what a pity that the crane is in the
Cabin hangs may be a bit
what a shame
Unfortunately, unfortunately, and the camera angle
I just need to get used to it
this is not the problem of pirobase
but the problem of sps play that
the camera angle is still very high
exciting is even would not be called
unbelievable how big that is how much
power out of the skin but it is so
exactly
otherwise, there is the promise of art
but before that time actually through
What a pity the camera is
Now it is further away before he gets to
intentionally a bit deeper
deeper mud hole a farmer was
No problems so far right now
so far, of course , who has today where
this really deep mud hole ok
not a topic at all that you do not
but any forestry now has the model
But it really bothers me so much
detailed very nice procedure right
beautiful it is the character of the
Shake the island like that
problem is rather whether is astor and the
Crane may get on your head though
always important abducted already
rigorously you know it
but not in any case not fast
we are making progress quickly
had the wrong gear in so far
I can judge that now in the plus
In any case, we were wrong
vertun we have since we vert with the
We saw how we deal with modern states
had in it
in gang 1 we make one - though 1 -
is of little as once or weird the
consumption is the madness but
coalitions do not disturb that
softtop 19 proceeded next it is
but logically, but it can on everyone
case ever documents he is
really horny friends left next to the
description I thank you for
then see right mud pots need
he will drive anyway
thank you